You are watching and listening to the
electronic atifada. I am John Elmer.
This is the resistance report for day
881 of Israel's genocide in Gaza and day
six of USIsraeli war on Iran. I am
reporting this on the afternoon of
Thursday, March 5th. Things are moving
quickly, so uh keep that in mind. We'll
um we're going to cover the first five
days of this war. And let's start with
the maps off the top as we usually do.
And uh this complements what Ally was
talking about about the straight of
Hormuz. Um you got the choke point of uh
global energy 20% coming out from Qatar
and um 20% of the oil uh natural gas
from Qatar and 20% of the oil uh that
the world uses comes through that
straight. Alli covered that uh really
well. Just one thing that I'll add to
that as a commander of the naval force
of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps
said uh yesterday that the United States
cannot escort ships out of the Straight
of Hormuz. Trump cannot send his fleet
to extract those stuck in the Gulf or
open the Straight of Hormuz. Trump says,
"We will escort the ships if necessary.
Now is the time for necessity, Mr.
Trump, so come and escort your ships."
Of course, that puts them uh well within
range of short-range ballistic missiles,
anti-ship missiles. Um and so the
Iranians are taunting the Americans to
actually escort those ships. That would
be a massive undertaking for the
Americans and they do not have the
warships in the area right now to do
that. So it would involve another
buildup. Um so for now, I think the uh
energy markets are going to spike for
sure. And we look at the next one, we
can see these bases. These are are the
main targets uh of this battle. Um each
of these countries uh moving from the
shores of Iran out. Um the UAE, Qatar,
Bahrain, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Iraq,
Jordan um and of course Israel uh are
the main thrusts of it. The US has said
that it has dropped 2,000 bombs in the
first 30 hours of this war. 1,000 um
were in the first 13 hours of the war.
Um they've struck more than 2,000
targets. Um the Israeli Air Force said
this morning that they've dropped over
5,000 bombs in strikes. The Iranians say
500 ballistic missiles and more than
2,000 drones have been launched. Uh
Hegathth the uh defense secretary uh
outlined the mission. He said the
mission of Epic Fury is laser focused.
Destroy Iranian offensive missiles.
Destroy Iranian missile production.
destroy the navy and other security
infrastructure. So, this is a regime
change operation. Um, and as Alli
pointed out, Trump has 47 years of
grievances uh against Iran uh that
they're using to justify this uh uh
regime change. If we look at the next
map, you can see the bases uh that have
been targeted. Um, and these are the key
bases uh in the UAE. Um the key bases
there aloud in Kuwait is the sententcom
uh main air base and then beside it
there in Bahrain is the fifth fleet
which is the naval command for um the
entire region. Sentcom covers basically
everything that you see in that map and
a little bit more um but you can see
also targeting in Kuwait. There's a
significant um force in Kuwait. The
numbers in between Kuwait, Bahrain, and
Qatar are more than 40,000 American
troops in those bases. But the number of
military bases and installations that
have been targeted by the Iranians are
in the dozens. They've also hit
diplomatic and strategic facilities like
embassies, CIA stations are all in those
embassies. And the CIA um said this week
that they are um evacuating all of their
CIA offices that are in um usually
they're in the embassies um particularly
because the one in Riad Saudi Arabia was
hit and Saudi Arabia also hosts that key
air base Prince Sultan air base um that
you see down in the south there and in
Jordan Muafa Galalti air base that hosts
the American Expeditionary Wing and we
saw in my report last week about the
buildup that the US is concentrating
their forces on that air base rather
than having them all spread out. So the
uh air defense tactic is to concentrate
their troops on uh a few of the bases
and then use the carriers that are out
uh the carrier that is in the
Mediterranean um and its guided missile
destroyers um as basically air defense
for Israel. Um if we look at the next
map again, you can see the targets um
all around. Those are both sides targets
as of yesterday. Um and you can see just
how close those Gulf uh the Gulf states
are and the American bases are to Iran.
And that is a huge advantage in
weaponry. They do not need their long
range ballistic missiles. They can use
shorter range um ballistic missiles. And
that's the same for traveling the
straight of Hormuz. they can pull out um
anti-ship ballistic and cruise missiles
to hit from close range. Those are
devastating weapons at that range. And
um the Americans don't want any part of
that. They haven't wanted that in the in
the Yemen front as well. They keep their
carriers uh as far out of distance as
they can. Um out of distance at least of
the short range. Um so they're off in
the Arabian Sea there down in the bottom
right of the map. And the um other
carrier, the USS Ford, is up uh off the
coast of uh Israel. It's out in the
Mediterranean. It's not in Israel. There
was a lot of misreporting that it was
coming into dock in Israel, but it is
staying offshore. Again, Hezbollah has
anti-hship capabilities as well uh on
the Lebanon coast that you can see there
up in the upper left of that map. Um so
really is a regional war and these maps
show that as clear as day. Um the next
slide here, we're going to start with um
the school massacre because of course
this is the way Israel uh fights its
wars and the Americans do too. Um the
massacre at this school that was sort of
captured I think with this photo here
that we're looking at a backpack with a
child's blood on it. Um 168 school girls
aged 7 to 12 were killed along with 15
of their teachers. There was two strikes
on the school in southeast Iran.
uh in the town of Minab.
Uh six buildings including the school
and the clinic were destroyed. Um we can
see on the next slide here um just the
totality of this horror. Um these are
the graves for the children being dug.
And as they always say in in Gaza, the
smallest coffins are always the
heaviest. And you can see that um with
those small um graves there that we're
looking at a row row upon row of graves
to bury um more including the teachers
more than 175
uh people and one more um like this will
show you the funeral on that day. And
then the the funeral on that day despite
Trump saying don't go outside your
house. It's scary. There's bombs
falling. You don't want to be out there.
there was a massive funeral
demonstration uh for these school girls
um showing just um you know the kind of
resolve that I don't think the Americans
uh expected in this war um but the
street scenes of those um funeral
marches were incredible uh under the
scale of bombing that's happening um you
know 7,000 bombs according to the US and
Israelis at minimum um and there was
thousands
tens of thousands of people out on the
streets for those uh mourning that
funeral. Um we'll take a look at the
next slide. Um because the war began
with these two strikes, the strike on
the school and then the strike on the
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Ham. Um and
he was killed uh at a meeting. So the
key to the way the war started is it
started on the first day of the work
week in Iran and it started at 9:30 in
the morning. So when people were all out
in the streets and people were meeting
in uh in their offices in the National
Security Council in Iran um and they uh
Americans and Israelis uh managed to
kill in that assassination not just
Ayatollah Ali Ham but also the commander
and chief of the Islamic Revolutionary
Guards, the minister of defense, the
head of the military council, the
commander of the Islamic Revolutionary
Guard Corps aerospace force um as well
as the deputy the intelligence minister
in that um again peridi by the uh
Israelis because the Iranians believed
that they were still in negotiations
after the last round of negotiations
just last week. Um negotiations were
supposed to continue and they had plans
to meet again. Um and so again Iran
trusting its enemy um to be honorable
which we know from two and a half years
of war with Israel uh is not the case.
This is a poster you're looking at here
that was put out by the PFLP's Abu Ali
Mustapa brigades. Um that's uh that
calls uh Ham a martyr on the road to
alkuds and Palestine and also the Kasam
brigade spoke uh about um the martyed
leader and this is what they said. The
martyed leader Ali Ham represented the
primary supporter of the axis of
resistance Palestine and its fighters.
Indeed, all the Islamic Republic has
provided for decades in terms of support
and backing for our people and our
resistance, at the heart of which are
the Alcasam brigades, was by his direct
decision and under his full patronage.
This great support and backing for the
path of resistance constituted an
essential and important factor that
contributed to the development of the
resistance and its tactics leading to
the great creativity it displayed in al
ax flood and the legendary steadfastness
for two full years in the face of the
most powerful forces of injustice in the
region. So saluted by all of the
Palestinian resistance factions. Of
course, people who've watched this show
know that would be an obvious thing that
would happen from all of the factions
from the leftists um all the way across
the political spectrum of uh of the
resistance groups. Um we can see next
here uh a promo that was put out by
Kmeni uh Ham's office of preservation
and publication uh for the works of Ali
Ham and they put out this uh missile and
drone launch that you can see and he
says here we are not the initiators of
war. However, anyone who shows their
greed and seeks to attack or cause harm
will face a decisive blow from the
Iranian nation. And here we're seeing uh
buried missile silos uh racks of shahid
drones and then attacks here uh on the
uh various installations of the
Americans in the region. I will go
through these operations one by one. Uh
but we're seeing them now hits in
Kuwait, Bahrain, uh Qatar, Jordan,
uh across the region. Um Ali Larjani,
the secretary of the Supreme National
Security Council, the top security
figure right now in Iran, said, "As in
the past 300 years, Iran did not start
this war, and our braved armed forces
are not engaged in any attack except for
defense. We will fiercely defend
ourselves and our 6,000-year-old
civilization, regardless of the costs,
and we will make the enemy regret their
miscalculations." Iran unlike the United
States is prepared for a long war. Also
just to note uh Ali Ham had a fatwa
against nuclear weapons for many many
years decades even uh and him saying
that was in the preamble preamble of the
JCPOA. So um again putting lie to the
American propaganda um as always but we
just uh cover it here. Uh so we'll go to
number 10 here. Um we'll show map of the
missile range here. Um from their short
range uh missiles uh all the way to
their more sophisticated high-end long
range uh solid fuel uh and advanced
missiles down at the bottom which um
according to the IRGC have not been used
yet. They um they said they have been
saving them and using old stock. But you
can see with the concentric rings going
out from 300 kilometers out to 2,000 km
that they have missiles for every
purpose in this uh in this war for each
distance for each um uh for each
outcome. So a significant missile force
that has been built up um over more than
a generation um and is being put into
use uh today. The next map is another
one um showing their missiles again with
a map that you can see the distance all
of it well within range um and they're
also within range of drones which they
have been using significantly and we saw
that in the previous three uh Iranian
exchanges of fire um true promise one 2
and three and this is true promise 4
that we are in right now. If you look at
the next slide, you can see some uh
launches from underground missile bases.
And again, this is this the the key
because the Israelis and the Americans
have been showing us lots of footage of
uh launchers being knocked out um
because lots of them are truck launches
and they're e they're easier to track
once they have been launched. Um but
when you see these kind of underground
facilities, these are very difficult for
Israel to get. They don't know where
they are. Unlike um the nuclear
facilities where they knew where they
were um and had previous interactions
with the United Nations inspectors and
whatnot, these missile bases are um are
not known to the Israelis. There's the
Shahed drones. Um there's their longer
range uh fuel uh liquid fuel missiles.
Um and you saw a bunch of launches of
solid fuel missiles as well. Solid fuel
missiles are uh a lot better because you
don't have to load them. You don't have
to load the fuel. You don't have to have
workers out there uh exposed while
you're loading. Um and so the solid fuel
advanced missiles, which is what we will
be seeing in the coming days um and
weeks are um a preferable on the battle
space. And these are all being uh you
know these are missiles that cost maybe
you know high hundreds of thousands
early millions um early 1 millions uh to
co to to make and the uh interceptors
that are knocking them down um that are
not uh built as fast uh are in the 3
million to 27 million range. Um, so
there is a a massive discrepancy in the
outlay of costs in this war, which will
also over time uh be a damning factor
for um for the US and its stocks. We
won't get into too much of that on this
show right now because the first week of
the war, we don't need to worry too much
about missile stockpiles and interceptor
stockpiles, but I've talked about it on
this show a number of times when we were
covering Yemen. Um that the uh the
missile math is not um uh it's very
finite. Uh the uh interceptors are
expensive. Um the military um buildup
for this war was very fast. It wasn't
planned. Um so they didn't have chance
to um you know increase domestic
production which is something that
almost can't really happen in the US the
way the economy um is shaped and this
particularly the military-industrial
complex is shaped. So these things will
all be significant as the days go on.
Iranians, 500 ballistic missiles, 2,000
drones, and IRGC said 40% have been
aimed at Israel and 60% at US bases and
consulates throughout the region. Um, we
will go to 13 now, I think. Yes. Yes.
Okay. So, here's some strikes on Israel.
Again, there's massive censorship in
Israel. We're watching um this is a news
broadcaster that we've seen footage come
from before. Obviously, one of the
producers is sneaking this footage out.
Um but we have seen off this um uh off
this balcony a number of shots and uh
for people uh listening um we're
watching the streaks in the sky and the
massive blast hitting Tel Aviv. And of
course they tell you in Tel Aviv that
these uh aren't landing and that they
have 100% interception rates. In fact,
the next video that is uh going to come
in this series. Yeah. This one here from
NBC. They're on the air talking about
how uh the Iron Dome gets all the
rockets and gets all the missiles. Um
and then this one comes right in right
while they're talking. I cut their
talking out for the same reason Alli cut
uh Netanyahu because you don't need to
hear it. But uh they don't know what
they're talking about. They're talking
about the wrong um uh air defense
systems. But as they were bragging about
how good they were, a missile came right
down uh and smacked and then they had to
talk about that missile and try and
figure out what what was going on. Um
and you can see the uh on the ground the
censorship in Israel has been
remarkable. Um the threat of jail time
will do it I guess for people. Also,
there's a nationalistic element in it
that they don't want to be I I I assume
that there's a nationalistic element of
not wanting to be um shown to be
humiliated uh in front of the world. But
for whatever it is, the number of videos
coming out from Israel compared to the
12-day war um which itself was uh
covered in shrouded in censorship um is
even less this time around. This next
slide is going to have audio in it.
Oh yeah,
feel
you.
>> [snorts]
>> So that's from uh on the ground in
Israel. These are all targeting of
Israel at the beginning. What you heard
was cheering from children in Gaza. Uh
and you can note that throughout uh this
report that each of the countries um
have the missiles falling on them
ostensibly are cheering those missiles.
We'll see that again when we cut to
Bahrain. Um I think we have uh audio in
the next slide as well. We also have a
siren. So um be aware that there's going
to be a siren. that this is the sound of
what uh the war sounds like in Beersa in
southern Israel.
Yo yo
What?
So this was from Monday. Um it was the
11th wave of Operation True Promise. The
IRGC is releasing um their field reports
in waves um that they talk about and
this wave uh included Beer Shva where
there's an IDF industrial communications
complex in the city and that barrage
wave 11 targeted 20 sites across Israel.
So spreading out um spreading out the
attacks keeping the entire country
moving to shelters. Um these are
strategies rather than using advanced
missiles. um they're using they've been
saying they're using their old stock up
and um keeping people on the run
throughout Israel from the north to the
south and that is uh clearly part of the
strategy of this. We have again audio in
this next slide but we are going to now
go to Bahrain. Um so this is the
targeting of the fifth fleet the US
naval command uh in Manama Bahrain
number 16.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my
god.
>> Okay.
What the [__]
>> Shelter immediately.
>> Shelter immediately. Shelter in place.
So, as you can see, the Bahrainis don't
seem to have much problem with uh the US
bases being targeted. Of course, in each
of these countries, there's movements to
get rid of these bases um that are
stamped out by um by the uh royal
families that uh run these countries as
their own personal thiefs. Um so that is
Bahrain, fifth fleet. This is a critical
uh critical site for the Americans.
Overseeing the entire region between the
fifth fleet and Aluduade air base in
Qatar uh forms the real uh the real core
of the US presence in the region. We got
audio in the next one. Again this is
again the fifth fleet.
So the same things you hear uh in Gaza
in Bahrain as well. Um and this next one
also has audio in. This is the targeting
of hotels. And let me just say before we
show this um that this is the targeting
of hotels of US troops. The IRGC said
the flight of cowardly US soldiers from
regional bases, they're taking refuge in
hotels in host countries and their
criminal army's use of civilian
facilities in the Persian Gulf countries
as cover do not escape the intelligence
monitoring of the IRGC.
So, we'll take a look at 18.
And you can actually hear that on the
first one I showed you three back when
the when they were in the car. That's
American soldiers in the car. Uh in many
cases, these videos are coming from
American soldiers while they're in their
hotels. And that's why you're hearing
people speaking English like that. uh
and in that car while they were being
shocked. Um
so that was 18. We have a lot of media
today. So thanks tomorrow for working
through this all with me.
So this is the burning of those
facilities after. Again, they've been
targeted numerous times. Um but this is
what you see when you drive by on the
highway of the uh fifth fleet. And
there's times where um
people wouldn't have thought this was
possible to see this. Um these bases
have been built particularly they were
built for um they started in uh in the
Gulf War in the first Gulf War in the
1990s but of course the post 911 war on
terror expanded these bases considerably
um and they were not popular locally.
Um so that's 19. And just to give you a
sense of how the IRGC writes up their um
uh field reports like we we we've
described the Cassam Brigades doing. So
this is how the IRGC does it. They say
the 18th wave of Operation True Promise
4 has begun. We remind the arrogant
enemy the movements of American soldiers
in Qatar and Bahrain and their use of
non-military facilities in Persian Gulf
countries are not hidden from us. No
amount of air defense systems will help
you. Um, so that's how that was
announced before those drones were
launched. So it's almost like an early
warning. Um, but effectively telling
exactly what is being hit. And I think
we'll see that in these next few uh is
this 20?
Okay, this is the continued burning. So
th those two uh 19 and 20 go together
with these burnings of these facilities
that we're seeing um that the uh that
the US is saying they're intercepting or
Bahrain is saying they're intercepting
all of these and they're just clearly
not um we will see with the next slide
um satellite imagery. Um you can see the
base. We're seeing the base there and
then before and after of the base
clearly showing um a headquarters that
was hit in this base. Two satellite
communications terminals were destroyed.
Several large buildings at the base were
also destroyed and extensively damaged.
The New York Times said this is New York
Times satellite analysis. Um and you can
clearly see the damage. So these are
pinpoint strikes and that's the thing is
about the drones. They um you can you
could make them pinpoint. That's that's
what they do. they hit uh right where
they're supposed to go. Um GPS tracked
or
uh to get them exactly on their topic or
Russian in in a lot of cases Russian GPS
is being used. Um so you can see the
destruction there. Um and the next one
you can see um aloud air base again
satellite communications. These are the
two key bases to repeat. And so when
you're knocking out the satellite
communications at these bases, you're
knocking down the capacity for the
network connectivity that the entire
American um missile defense program and
defense in general runs on. So clearly
the first targets of this war were those
uh satellite and terminal um and
satellite terminals and communication
terminals. Um again we saw that with the
early days of the Hezbollah um joining
the war after October 7th knocking out
Israel's network connectivity. Um these
are very standard and important first
day of war um attacks. And just to give
you a sense the UAE says that they have
endured more than 800 drones and 186 uh
ballistic missiles. So with more than a
thousand targeting just the UAE
um itself and it has a major US air base
uh there too. Although air base um in
Qatar they say uh 100 ballistic
missiles, three cruise missiles, 24
drones. Um Kuwait was 180 ballistic
missiles, four 400 drones. uh 100 uh
missiles in Bahrain and 76 drones and
dozens in Saudi Arabia which we will see
in these next two slides. This is the
Prince Sultan Saudi air base. Uh oh,
that's another Al- Udade. And yeah,
here's the um the Prince uh Sultan. So,
this is Aludade. We'll go to the next
one. Um that shows more destruction uh
of those satellite um terminals. This is
the Prince Sultan base that you can see
again structural damage. Um large plumes
of smoke coming up from them. So direct
hits on these bases. Um
26. We're going to take a look at
Jordan. Now this is the key um US
expeditionary base.
Um Mafak Alsalti. And you can see there
clearly a direct ballistic missile hit
uh in on that air base. Uh, and again,
people uh, watching that closely. The
next one shows you um, a problem that
we've seen a number of times, but you
can see over to the right there, that's
a misfiring interceptor that's just
being fired into the Jordanian community
uh, along with the shrapnel that uh,
from the because the drones are mostly
shot out of the sky using fighter jets
and helicopters. So, they blast them out
of the sky and the pieces fall all over
Jordan. Um, and that's part of the deal,
I guess, with the king. Um, and again,
at this air base, it's key because this
is a concentration of US forces on top
of the expeditionary airwing that's
already based at that base in Jordan.
Um, I showed you the map um the the
satellite imagery of uh that base um in
Jordan in last week's show and there
wasn't enough room for any more
airplanes. It was all uh bristling with
fighter jets. So when these get it's
it's one thing to concentrate your
defenses uh but when your defenses are
concentrated and something gets through
um it's going to be a a big mess. So um
they are expending extraordinary amounts
of interceptors to try to prevent that
from happening. This next one uh 28 this
is going to have audio in as well. Um,
this is a strike on a US base in Kuwait.
And you can hear the US soldiers
commenting uh on the strike here in this
one.
>> That's my [__] truck.
>> So, I think it's a joke cuz he's looking
at a bunch of M wraps there, but the the
soldier says that's my truck. Um
[snorts]
and these uh there has been six US
soldiers killed on these bases in these
attacks. These are the only um
casualties that the Americans have
admitted to. Drop site has done some
reporting that um that they believe the
number is um being suppressed
significantly. Um but we will have to
see in the coming days um when the
honesty of casualties comes out because
we're particularly not hearing about
wounded soldiers. Um and also just to to
say those drone strikes that were
hitting um the uh the city the um that
were hitting those hotels um those are
not killing um locals. The number of
locals killed um in each of these
countries is in the single digits um
throughout this war. And we're not clear
who they are. Um if they're on the base,
if they're base workers, all of that
stuff is still all fuzzy at this point.
Um but we will keep track of that of
course. And the next uh slide you could
see the significant damage at uh the Ali
al-Salm um base in Kuwait. You can see
again satellite dishes, radar domes, um
all the specific targets um of those. So
they're taking drones um precision
drones that are about uh I mean they're
basically the the the price of your car.
They go the speed of your car. They're
roughly the size of your car. That's a
good way to understand them. Um, but
they're very accurate with their with
their strikes. And so they're using the
drones to flood the air defenses, uh,
waste air defenses, but also to get in
and knock out these cris uh these
critical nodes of the air defense
system.
Um, and then 30, I think we can see uh
the embassy here in Kuwait uh on fire.
The embassies have all been evacuated.
Um, but also the CIA bases attached to
the embassies have also been evacuated
because they were hit in Riad the other
day and the CIA announced that everybody
uh was to evacuate. Now, for this next
one, we're going to have audio in here
because we're this is the um the
shooting down of three uh US F-15s that
were downed by um apparently Kuwaiti
friendly fire. um all three of them
right in a row here. Um and we're going
to watch each one of them. These are F
um F-15 E strike eagles falling from the
sky.
You could see the ejection of the pilots
there. According to Sencom, all six
pilots survived. Um when they reached
the ground, they were treated um all
were treated well by uh the population
when they landed.
You can see the ejection from that one
as well.
So, three uh three more lost fighter
jets. We know they lost three during the
Yemen um uh battles as well. And the key
to this is not just that it's an
accident that happens. The key is that
it's during active combat. It's when
missile drone uh combo attacks are
happening, layered attacks are happening
incoming um that creates the confusion
um that creates the friendly fire or in
the case of Yemen where the um aircraft
carrier had to do a sharp turn and
therefore lost the plane overboard. But
that's not just happening in a vacuum.
It's happening in the moment of a
complex strike that's happening directly
on these forces. So, um, they are
friendly fire, but they're, uh, very
much, um, a forced error, if we can use
a tennis term there. Um, [snorts] so
there was also reporting today. I won't
get into that, but there may have been a
fourth uh, fighter jet, American fighter
jet shot down uh, in Iran. There's early
reporting about that. Um, we'll have to
wait to confirm all of that. And all of
this stuff takes a lot to confirm
because as I'm sure people watching know
there has been a lot of misinformation,
disinformation,
um purposeful uh misguidance of what's
going on uh as part of the propaganda
campaign uh happening here. Let's take a
look at Dubai now. Um 32. Um this is
IRGC. I think we have audio in this one
as well for 32.
So that was the US embassulate
in Dub uh in Dubai. I believe that it
was a consulate um not an embassy but an
emptied one. Um and again Alli talked
about these countries as brands. um
these kind of attacks uh definitely take
the shine off of that. Um you'll see one
more angle of it here coming up. Right
now we're watching uh street level view
of uh panicked people and there's the
burning uh consulate shown from people
driving down the highway. Um and then
the next slide you can see that the um
the uh Ministry of Defense of the UAE
has been putting these out. They say
they have detected 186 ballistic
missiles launched towards them. They say
they have intercepted 172 of them. Not
sure how um not sure how good these
stats are, but they're putting them out.
And it's interesting for at least what
they are seeing coming at them. You're
talking about eight cruise missiles and
uh Shahed drones fired at them. So more
than a thousand uh projectiles fired at
the UAE alone. um in this case. So
significant focus on the UAE uh as well.
Um now let's take a look at some of the
drones. Um the uh the drones uh the IRGC
aerospace force has downed a number of
drones. I attempted to do a count of
them because to see if we could match
them up. Um but we have footage like
this footage clearly here of an Israeli
Hermes 900. There's an Elbit drone. One
less Elbit drone. Here comes another uh
Elbit drone blasted out of the sky. And
then there's a third one here that's an
Israel Aerospace Industries Haron drone
that you can tell um the difference
between them because of the um the back
wing that you'll see. Um so these are
being knocked out of the sky every day
in Iran. We see footage of them on the
ground. We've seen some of this footage
from the missile cam. That's what you're
seeing here. These look a lot like uh
the weapon that was used in Yemen. Uh
it's not totally clear, but um it seems
to be the same the 358 that the Amenes
were using to um to down a couple of
dozen uh MQ9 Reapers. So far, these are
all uh Israeli drones that we've seen
drop. Um although the Iraqi resistance
uh reported that they got a um an MQ9
Reaper. If they did, I'm sure we will be
seeing that um in due time. Um the
Iranians and number 35 has two two more
drones coming out of the sky. Um you can
see them dropping here again. It's a
Hermes uh falling out of the sky and
then there's going to be a number
another one on the ground. And we've
seen at least we've seen more than a
dozen for sure separate uh drops. The
Iranians uh the Iranian army is also
doing air defense. They do an integrated
air defense with the IRGC. Um and they
put their number of drones downed um in
the many dozens um something like 30
through these days. Um but difficult to
verify because we don't have footage of
all of them. Um the Ansar Allah movement
always gave us footage uh to match uh
their uh their claims. So we uh we'll
see we'll see if this uh reporting uh
crystallizes more in the coming weeks.
But you can see it that drop down again
over a city um in um southern Iran. And
then there's this is the the Hermes 900.
This appears to have been taken down by
electronic warfare because it is
perfectly more or less perfectly intact.
Um and the uh IRGC said that um that it
was under the control of the fighters of
the aerospace force of the IRGC. And
there you can see um its bomb load um
out uh loaded out hadn't used them yet
uh on this particular drone, but uh
definitely not seeing this on news that
I'm watching. So, um, I thought I'd
bring you this, uh, angle as I always
do. Um, and then this, this was an
interesting story cuz the US has
actually cloned the Shahed drone and
have their own and they announced number
36 here. They announced their own um,
the launch historic first. They they
said this was uh, um, this was on day
two that they uh, it says we're looking
at a Sentcom uh, tweet press release. It
says, "Sencom's task force Scorpion
strike for the first time in history is
using one-way attack drones in combat
during Operation Epic Fury. These
lowcost drones modeled after Iran's
Shahed drones are now delivering
Americanmade retribution." So again, uh
blustery American uh military uh
announcements followed by Let's take a
look at the next clip. Uh it only took
uh some few hours before the Iraqis were
picking apart uh one of these Lucas
drones, lowcost um drones that look
exactly like the Iranian drones and are
run on Starlink. You can see the
Starlink um satellite dangling off
there. So that that was less than 24
hours turnaround from them boasting
about retribution to uh Iraqis in the
desert laughing and and having fun with
the drone trying to decide what to do if
it can fit in their pickup truck or not.
Um sort of like the footage we used to
see in Yemen when the drones would down.
So that's a remarkable little turnaround
there for uh their copycat drones. And
now Hezbollah joined the war. I think
Hezbollah joined the war this week, but
the war was going to join Hezbollah. So,
I think that they got out in front of
it. Um, there hasn't been a ceasefire.
The ceasefire has been in many ways more
fraudulent in Lebanon than it is in Gaza
even, which is hard to say because it's
been brutal in Gaza. Um, but in Lebanon,
the number of violations is in the tens
of thousands. And the number of
Hezbollah commanders, operatives,
soldiers killed is more than 500.
There's daily strikes. Um, and this war
was not going to let uh Israel was not
going to let Isra was not going to let
Hezbollah be on the sidelines of this
war. So, Hezbollah joined the war um two
days ago and immediately we get clips
like this. number 38.
We see a mark of a tank there in the
distance. And again, this is in um this
is at the top of the Galilee panhandle.
Um and that's a Cornet anti-tank guided
missile that's going to be launched and
a direct hit you're going to see as it
spools its way on target. Um this is a
remarkable shot, multiple kilometer
shot. Um I didn't do the calculation
myself but um I saw a calculation from a
source that said that this was 5
kilometers um which would make sense and
again this is an area that Hezbollah is
not supposed to be let alone their uh
clearly that they the first shot was
clearly by their anti-tank marksmen
because that is a long-distance shot and
it hit perfectly. The Israelis have rec
uh said that there has been uh several
injuries inside tanks that have been hit
by um anti-tank guided missiles. So
Hezbollah is back 36 operations in the
first two days and they're on their way
to that total again today. Um and of
course the um the Islamic res Hezbollah
said in this um on this post uh of this
video they said that um of the field
report they said the Islamic resistance
is committed to defending its land and
people especially as the Israeli enemy
crosses boundaries within its crime with
its crimes. It is its response targeted
military sites unlike the enemy which
targets civilians. So Hezbollah is
saying we target military sites. Um and
they have rocket um and drone attacks um
on you on Israeli bases all across um
the the front line which now includes
Syria because the Israelis are occupying
Syria now as well. So they were targeted
there by Hezbollah as well. And number
39 we're going to see the Iraqi
resistance has been uh this is an
underground missile base. You can see
Nasraa Kasamsulammani.
Um you can see their missiles and in
their underground um in their
underground bunkers as well. And the
Iraqi resistance joined immediately.
They didn't need uh any prompting. They
joined the war in the first minutes of
the war and began uh hammering the
American air base at Airbil in northern
Iraq. Um as well as the uh uh the two
other American air bases also.
So that's the air bill um airport that
you're seeing air base that you're
seeing in flames there from the Iraqi
resistance. And just one more number 40
um of of all of this after all of this
the US sent out this notice this week.
Um this is from the state department
that says security updates for Americans
in the Middle East. Depart now via
commercial means due to serious safety
risks. and it lists the countries
Bahrain, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Israel, the
West Bank, Gaza, Jordan, Kuwait,
Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia,
Syria, United Arab Emirates, and Yemen.
So, essentially the Americans saying,
uh, we're too busy, uh, protecting
Israel right now to, uh, worry about
our, um, our people in the region. we
didn't uh we we sprung the war on them
so fast that they didn't have reasonable
chance to get their families out of the
region and they they say to them depart
now uh and you're on your own although I
did hear yesterday on the news that
instead of um just hanging up on people
calling the embassies that there's now a
recorded message so um just real kind of
a last thing to just say that um the the
focus is never seems to
for the America Firsters on the
Americans. Um, that was all a big fraud.
So, this has been the resistance report
for day six of the war in Iran.